- In the main menu you will be presented with 4 buttons with the label: "new game",
 "continue game","how to play" and "edit file".

-"continue game" will only be available when the user has left mid-game. This button will bring the user back to
where they left of.

-"How to Play" will present the user to the applications user-manuel. The user-manuel explains how to utilize
 and navigate through the application. The user-manuel is the file you are currently reading.

-The button "File Editor" will present the user to 4 buttons, open file, save file, create file and main menu.
Here you will be able to open a file through the "open file" button and rewrite it. Then by pressing the "save file"
button it will write to file the edits the user has made. "Create file" button will create a new file based on the user 
pre-made inputs in the TextArea. If the user has not entered anything in the TextArea, the file will be empty.
The first line of the TextArea is also the name of the file.

- By left-clicking the first button "new game", you will be presented to a new page with 6 buttons
with the label "Open file", "save file", "create new player", "create new goals", "main menu" and "play".

- To play a game you have to start of by selecting a path file. This can be done through left-clicking the
 "Open file" button. Here you can open any file with the ending ".paths" and the program will read it and check it
 for any format errors. If any errors is found, like broken link or format errors, it will return a message to the user
 with information about the problem.

-If you are using a custom file from another folder than the applications resource folder you can use the button
"save file" to move the selected file to the applications resource folder, after it being selected by the "Open File" button. 
This makes it easier to find the file if you wish to use it again.

-Next you have to create a player. This can be done through the "Create New Player" button which will open a window
where the user can input the amount of health, gold, score, name and items you want to start with, where only the name is a
mandatory input and the other are optional. Note that health has to be above 0 and under 100. The default setting will
set the health to 100, gold to 0 and score to 0 and inventory being empty. There is also an option to add a starting item to your player.
You can do so by typing in the name of your preferred item in the format "item1, item2, item3, ...".

-Then you have to create goals. This can be done by left-clicking "create new goal" button.
 If you don't input any goals the game will be completed at the first passage. The goals can be a
 health, gold or score amount you wish to attain or an item you want in your inventory.

-There is also an option called "Disable mini-games", which is mini-games that will appear randomly during the game.
This can be disabled by left-clicking the empty square next to the label "Disable mini-games"

-Once all the steps above are completed you are ready to hit the "Play" button, which will put you in a new window with
the first passage in the story file.

-In order to complete the game you have to obtain the goals you set in the previous page. Every time you hit a button
in a passage there is a chance for an action that can affect your player state. If there is an action or not, is dependent
on your selected path-file. Actions can also occur during a mini-game. If you loose a mini-game you will lose health, 
and if you win you recieve gold.

-If your health were to drop below 0, the user will be presented with a message "You have died". Here the user will
have to options: a button with the label "respawn" and a button with the label "Main Menu". Left-clicking the "Main Menu" button will
send the user back to the main menu of the application. If you want to restart/try again you can do so by
left-clicking the "Respawn" button and the game will send you back to the first passage with the original player state.

-When all the goals are completed the game will present the user with a message "You have won" and give the user two choices: 
a "Free Play" button and a "Main Menu" button. by left-clicking the "Main Menu" button will the user be sent to the main menu of the 
application. By left-clikcing the "Free Play" button will the game continue and the user may play as much as they want.

-If you get stuck in a game, you can use the menubar in the top left, pressing view and then main menu. This will put you
back in the main menu.

-If you wish to create a custom paths-file with your own story you can do so by following the format bellow.
First you have to start of by giving your path a tittle. You can do so by entering the tittle on the first line of
the document. On a new line you can define passage by using "::"  were you insert the tittle on the same line and the
content/description of the passage on the next line. Passage Example: lets say you want to create a passage named
"Home" with the description "Home sweet home" you can do so by typing it in like this in the file"::Home"
and then go to a new line and enter the description "Home sweet home". It should look like this:

::Home
Home sweet home

Then if you want a link on the passage, for example named " Go back to the beginning" that leads to the passage "Beginning".
You can do so by typing the name between these "[]" and the reference on the same line between these "()".
It should look like this:

::Home
Home sweet home
[Go back to the beginning] (Beginning)

You can add actions to the links. Let's say you want to add a gold action to the link from above. You have
to type in this "]Gold Action, 100" on the same line as the link. It should look like this:

::Home
Home sweet home
[Go back to the beginning] (Beginning) ]Gold Action, 100
